Add recommendation on example source PR (#4253)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/How-To-Guides/Releasing/Release-Team-Repository.rst

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Fill the `New Release Team issue <https://github.com/ros2-gbp/ros2-gbp-github-org/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&template=new_release_team.md&title=Add+release+team>`_ issue template

> if no release team exists for your project yet by requesting for a new release team to be created.

Reviewer: I still find this sentence confusing.  How about:

```
If no release team exists for your project yet, fill out the `New Release Team issue <https://github.com/ros2-gbp/ros2-gbp-github-org/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&template=new_release_team.md&title=Add+release+team>`_ issue template to request one be created.
```

Author: I like that too. Done.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> If your repository is new to the ROS community, you should first open a pull request on `ros/rosdistro <https://github.com/ros/rosdistro>`_ adding a ``source`` entry for your repository.
> An example can be seen `here <https://github.com/ros/rosdistro/pull/39513>`_.

Reviewer: I think we can just do:

```suggestion
If your repository is new to the ROS community, you should first open a pull request on `ros/rosdistro <https://github.com/ros/rosdistro>`_ adding a ``source`` entry for your repository (e.g. https://github.com/ros/rosdistro/pull/39513).
```

Author: Great, other wiki's require everything to be hyperlinked (no bare URL's).

Reviewer: > Great, other wiki's require everything to be hyperlinked (no bare URL's).

I don't have a strong opinion either way; we do bare links sometimes.  If you want to add a word in there and then have the link be on that, that's OK too.

Author: I'll leave it bare - "KISS"
